Updates our umbraco to docs umbraco (#5341)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: contribs.md

# Contributing Guidelines

> To contribute to either the documentation or stubs, you can fork & clone our repository, make your edits, and push back to GitHub and send us a pull request. All items that get pulled into the main repository will automatically get pushed to [docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/).

Reviewer: As per our [style guideline](https://docs.umbraco.com/welcome/contribute/style-guide#long-sentences), we need to write shorter sentences with less than 25 words so am just making a small change suggestion here with addition that it should link to the main docs page instead of cms docs (as contributions are for all umbraco products, not just cms)
```suggestion
To contribute to either the documentation or stubs, you can fork & clone our repository. Then you make your edits, and push back to GitHub and send us a pull request. All items that get pulled into the main repository will automatically get pushed to [docs.umbraco.com](https://docs.umbraco.com).
```

### Contributing documentation

> All documents are written in Markdown, using a basic structure and stored as .md files. These are then pulled to [docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/) for browsing.

Reviewer: same suggestion here, it should link to main docs page docs.umbraco.com instead of CMS docs page, can you please make sure all the other changes links from our.umbraco.com/documentation to https://docs.umbraco.com? 😊

Author: This should be updated in the three files in commit https://github.com/umbraco/UmbracoDocs/pull/5341/commits/a267ca7ba5654b1ceab850d17b8c526ef442b6d6

Author: This should be updated in the commit https://github.com/umbraco/UmbracoDocs/pull/5341/commits/97cc85c3c7975ef8e6e7aa861d9d2e56a9f92f94

First fork and clone the repository so that you have your own working copy. Then create a new branch on your local copy to make your changes. Once you are happy with your edits, use GitHub to issue a "pull request", which means your edits will be reviewed, and once accepted, merged into the main repository.

**Note:** It's a good idea to pull in upstream changes, merge and commit to your own fork before submitting a pull request. Instructions on how to set up a remote repo and pull from upstream can be found on this [page](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo).

> Everything in the main repository will make it onto the [docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/) site, which is why we have chosen a pull request workflow to keep everything straightforward.

Reviewer: To keep it to 25 words in a sentence 👍 
```suggestion
Everything in the main repository will merge onto the [docs.umbraco.com](https://docs.umbraco.com) site, which is why we have chosen a pull request workflow to keep everything straightforward.
```

Author: I've made this change, but I'm still getting a warning from reviewdog about sentence length on it

Reviewer: Indeed 🤔 What would you think of "Everything in the main repository will merge onto [docs.umbraco.com](https://docs.umbraco.com), which is why we have chosen a pull request workflow to keep everything straightforward.?

Author: That's updated in https://github.com/umbraco/UmbracoDocs/pull/5341/commits/94e4d3df1c7d8ec762ad2602a76495e2bac8d4cc now, and the PR checks seem to be passing now. Thanks for your help!
